- [Instructor] Let's finish up our learning
with some mentioning of testing and monitoring tools.
Most modern browsers have a feature called developer tools
and it'll get you pretty far
in your testing and monitoring of your chat app client
so let's not overlook that.
However, there are a few other tools worth mentioning
that may help you in doing some more bulletproof testing.
First, if you wanna stick to using client-side tech
to test your client-side code,
you may wanna look at a tool called Artillery
or a similar tool.
In particular, Artillery is an easy-to-use
load testing toolkit.
It's written in Node,
but you don't need to know Node to use it
and you can be up and running with it within minutes.
They have documentation with an example of using it
for WebSocket testing.
The next test tool to consider is Apache's JMeter
or something comparable.
Again, this is for load and performance testing.
It's written in Java and has a fully featured test IDE
which gives you that record and playback capability
so you can record your test scripts.
And let's return back to some server-side testing.
I can't say enough how useful it is
to write unit and integration tests
and frameworks like JUnit, HttpUnit,
or collectively we'll refer to them as xUnit.
Given that the bulk of your business logic
may be server-side,
this is where you'll wanna invest
a lot of your test time and effort.
Again, you can learn more
about Spring Test-Driven Development with JUnit
by visiting the library and taking that course.